This was a fun and enjoyable challenge. I have never worked with Bigcommerce before, I can see similarities when I used to work on WordPress websites. 
1. The change image on hover, several hours were spent attempting to get this to work. Looking up big commerce support questions on this as well and atttempting those steps to get the image to change to the second image and it never changes. I would to be given/shown the correct code to get this to work. 
2. Button at the top of the category page (Add All To Cart). I added the button, to get the product ID I have the function addAllToCart() which grabs the productId value of the product on the page and then makes a call to add the item to the cart. There is a simple p tag that shows the item was added to the cart then a timeout of 2 seconds for the message to show then the page to refresh. the meaning of the refresh is for the cart indicator to show that their are items in the cart.
3. Remove All Items button. I have a function called getCart(). which fetches the cart details and if there is no response then we hide the empty cart button, if there is something in the cart then the empty cart button is visible. ** I was able to delete the cart with an ajax call in a function called emptyCartButton();. once the cart gets emptied, its similar to the add to cart where a p tag shows the user the item has been added and refreshes the page so that the cart indicator is gone signifying an empty cart to the user 
4. I have customer details showing on the page. In order to do this in bigcommerce support I found a function that utilizes the client ID of the site and enables the ability to utilize customer details such at {{customer.name}}. I created a dummy user login, and its displaying name,email, and phone number as instructed.
5. Preview Code: a0rga781mp
 store URL - williambirdtest.mybigcommerce.com
